---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-03-20T22:01:30.795Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-20T22:00:58.891Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-20-0634d08f-a4ef-4b98-9d55-0fed40b17ca1.md
published: true
url: 0634d08f-a4ef-4b98-9d55-0fed40b17ca1/index.html
_type: Article

---
# LETS START A MOVEMENT

Our aim is to galvanise a mindset that is already growing at an exponential rate. A sustainable mindset that perpetuates our evolution by bringing all humanities impact on earth in alignment with the rules of mother nature.

**Big business has become a big problem.**

The go forward route begins with acknowledgment.

A simple understanding that going forward you have two options. Become part of the problem, or part of the solution.

A great example of the future of business can be summarised by the definition of a new term:Ethonomics

The good news is that millions of people all around the world are already very busy 'being part of the solution'.

**A new structure is already emerging.**

Post capitalism is already in place and growing by the day. The decaying structure of capitalism is fighting hard to maintain the stronghold. The reality is that there is nothing to hold on to. The old structure will crumble. We can only create solutions for our future existence through a new structure. A transparent & responsible structure with its foundations and focus on sustainability. Technology and connectivity have paved the way to making this happen. Shared information and collaboration is perpetuating change whilst also bringing awareness and inspiration to the masses.

Phascia aims to weave a sustainability tapestry to unite our efforts within the following 3 fundamental areas:

* The sustainability of You
* The sustainability of Your relationship with all living things
* The sustainability of Your impact on the environment